[DFT][MKLGPU] Update mklgpu support to mkl preparing for oneapi 2025.0 release (#575)
oneapi-src/oneMKL: src/dft/backends/mklgpu/CMakeLists.txt

)
add_dependencies(onemkl_backend_libs_dft ${LIB_NAME})

target_include_directories(${LIB_OBJ}
  PUBLIC ${ONEMKL_INTERFACE_INCLUDE_DIRS}

> )

Author: Giving the includes change I made a little bit down. This command is not necessary anymore, so I decided to remove it trying to keep the cmake as lean as possible.

target_compile_options(${LIB_OBJ}

>   BEFORE PRIVATE -iquote $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/include>

Reviewer: This deserves a comment to explain the header conflict and why the `iquote` is needed.
That looks better than I expected, this is great!

Author: Added comment in [562f1db](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneMKL/pull/575/commits/562f1dbdc763fd65107eb3247b30fdfc053189b0)

)
add_dependencies(onemkl_backend_libs_dft ${LIB_NAME})

target_include_directories(${LIB_NAME}
  PUBLIC ${ONEMKL_INTERFACE_INCLUDE_DIRS}
)

# Due to using the same file name for different headers in this library and in

> # MKL Intel library, we force the compiler to follow C++ Core Guideline SF.12

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# the Intel(R) oneAPI Math Kernel Library, we force the compiler to follow C++ Core Guideline SF.12
```

Author: Thank you @lhuot I updated the comment in [18bd3da](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneMKL/pull/575/commits/18bd3da50a093f7826408b1c19384749ae93b52c)
